stock markets around the world have been
rising maybe you invested maybe you
didn't if you did invest you have
probably made a handsome profit over the
years and have retired on the beach
somewhere and aren't watching this video
but you probably didn't even invest in
the best performing Market in the world
did you you came here for the truth
today we are going to look at the best
performer are you scared are you shy are
you courageous are you Brave well you
tell me this stock market here continues
to go up and it is none other than the
great Venezuela Venezuela's stock market
has been performing better than the
stock markets you have been investing in
you've been claiming that you've made a
lot of money but you have made nothing
compared to those who have invested in
the Venezuela stock market look at this
oh so wonderful trailing along and it's
it's you know it's getting a little
aggressive up in here and then it just
shoots up like an
arrow that could have been you you could
have been riding this
rocket is it Virgin Galactic is it blue
origin Space X
no it's you that could have been you but
it's not wait a minute maybe you
invested in the other best performer in
the world and that is the Argentina
stock market again another incredible
performer it has gone in this chart
alone over the past few years from
2,000 to over to uh 20,000 it looks
like and you didn't get any of
that not at all you didn't didn't even
think of
that why not you investing in US
equities thinking you were making a
profit your money's still there you
didn't even make a profit you should
have been invested in South
America in these markets
here now that's enough sarcasm for
today let's move on to the truth that's
what you came here for well as you can
see
a little bit of
silliness to talk about this very
serious situation the money is devalued
so fast people don't know what hit them
they're
hurting and why because their money
isn't worth anything that's why the
stock market is rising now these are
extreme examples I mean particularly
with Venezuela it's an extreme example
but the stock market is doing well I
mean if I just look if I'm just looking
at the stock market I would say this is
the best performer this is great it's
amazing everybody P your money in
or do I have to think that maybe it's
not doing so well and the garbage money
is devalued at such a rapid
rate that's the way you need to look at
it look at the whole picture I mean
people are suffering all over the place
people are losing it in Venezuela but
the stock market if I just focus on that
it's doing very well I hope you see my
little way of being silly about
it all
right this here it hurts um and years
ago
actually it's been a while I have an
individual contact me who lives in
Trinidad and showing me the news
articles from there and talking about
the situation
that people from
Venezuela are finding their way over to
Trinidad which has its own
problems but because of the shortages
because of everything that has happened
the collapse that has occurred in
Venezuela people are just going anywhere
they can I read an article today about
Colombia again that's seeing a massive
influx of people from Venezuela and this
here basically says that the areas which
border Trinidad are really seeing a
trade and barter take place and people
are coming coming over in these small La
rafts with their families and
unfortunately truly I mean maybe don't
even read the article but it's out of
the uh Wall Street Journal and basically
talks about the fact that not everybody
makes it back not everybody makes it
there and it's really bad to hear I mean
it's it's sad it's a sad
article essentially that's what's
happening here I mean there's a lot of
barter going on and people are doing
what they have to do to get basic things
I mean they show how expensive things
like toothpaste and shampoo and
everything else in here in this
article it's terrible it's terrible to
think of that that people are here I
mean something that we may take for
granted in the west like a tube of
toothpaste is very expensive in a
country where everything is rationed and
the country has been brought in to one
of the worst crises that we have
today a little more than a year since
Argentina's returned to the capital
markets with a record-breaking $16
billion issue check this out it pushed
the boundaries even further on Monday by
selling a 100-year bond the century Bond
they're not the only country to do that
of course Mexico as well we've seen that
in Japan I think Japan has even long
longer
one who in their right mind would give
any money to Argentina who's devaluing
everything who
is sending their economy into the
abyss and here we are 100 years take my
money for 100 years please thank you
very much now I guess the thought is
that they're not going to hold it to
maturity but the point of the bond is
supposed to be to hold it to maturity
that that is what you're supposed to do
but essentially what we found here is
that there are there are you know less
and less yield coming out of all of
these so-called assets and ultimately
you have to find more risk so they look
for the risk get a little bit more yield
and they play with it all I mean it's
all computers anyway so why not a senty
bond is a disgusting premise because
it's a
known it's like me knowing ly lying to
you I'll sell you a Superman Bond I'll
sell you a Jupiter Bond why not I mean
why not I'll pay you back in a 100 years
I mean that that's the silliness of it
all I mean I'm saying silly things but
you know I'm I'm hoping that it triggers
something inside of you now this is not
surprising but here we are out of D
spel probably butchered that word
Germany's for intelligence Service Long
spied on numerous official and business
Targets in the United States including
the White House
oops they seem to have been spying on
each other did you think it was just the
NSA spying on everybody you and I and
everybody
else
nope all of these agencies have the
technology to spy on everybody and guess
what they're all using it let's just the
way it is now they may separate their
agencies differently and everything like
this but don't worry about that
governments spy on other governments and
these
Rogue you know institutions or whatever
you want to call
them they will do whatever they want
they're not going to listen to
government officials and rules and
regulations they just go ahead and do
it
now I just want to throw this in here at
the
end what you're looking at is once again
this robot in this case it irons and if
you look at the video it's very slow
ironing process and it looks like it's
sort of a first generation type of thing
but it actually works the ironing robot
ironing person actually works I just
said person which is funny but uh the
robot does its job and this type of
thing is is something that I cover
almost on every single single video now
I seem to be covering some sort of
Robotics or automation which are
replacing jobs they
are removing the need to have the
tedious jobs the Mindless jobs and
whether or not we can move into a place
where we have more creative type jobs
where we can work Less hours where they
can actually go ahead and print enough
money for us to have this guaranteed
basic income Universal income whatever
you call it I don't know if they're ever
going to get there they're probably not
that's the point of the global economic
collapse but here we are I just like to
bring it up when I see it and show you
all the different Industries which are
being replaced this happens to be a
little bit of silly uh one but uh that's
it for this video if you found it
informative please give me a thumbs up
and last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic lap even more
informative so you can actually flip
through these books if you go over to
Amazon they have a look inside feature
it's going to allow you to flip through
the pages of these books to see if you
like them take
care